<div class="module_description active_lesson_with_video ">
									
            
            
            
            
            
            
<h1>Basic Foundation II</h1><ol><li><strong>Biggie Size</strong> - Given an array, write a function that changes all positive numbers in the array to the string "big".&nbsp; Example: makeItBig([-1,3,5,-5]) returns that same array, changed to [-1, "big", "big", -5].</li><li><strong>Print Low, Return High</strong> - Create a function that takes in an array of numbers.&nbsp; The function should <strong>print </strong>the lowest value in the array, and <strong>return </strong>the highest value in the array.</li><li><strong>Print One, Return Another</strong> - Build a function that takes in an array of numbers.&nbsp; The function should <strong>print </strong>the <em>second-to-last </em>value in the array, and <strong>return </strong>the&nbsp;<em>first odd</em> value in the array.</li><li><strong>Double Vision</strong> - Given an array (similar to saying 'takes in an array'), create a function that returns a <em>new </em>array where each value in the original array has been doubled.&nbsp; Calling double([1,2,3]) should return [2,4,6] without changing the original array.</li><li><strong>Count Positives</strong> - Given an array of numbers, create a function to replace the last value with the number of positive values found in the array.&nbsp;&nbsp;Example, countPositives([-1,1,1,1]) changes the original array to [-1,1,1,3] and returns it.</li><li><strong>Evens and Odds</strong> - Create a function that accepts an array.&nbsp; Every time that array has three odd values in a row, print "That's odd!".&nbsp; Every time the array has three evens in a row, print "Even more so!".</li><li><strong>Increment the Seconds</strong> - Given an array of numbers <strong>arr</strong>, add 1 to every other element, specifically those whose index is odd (arr[1], arr[3], arr[5], etc).&nbsp; Afterward, console.log each array value and return <strong>arr</strong>.</li><li><strong>Previous Lengths</strong> - You are passed an array (similar to saying 'takes in an array' or 'given an array') containing <strong>strings</strong>.&nbsp; Working within that same array, replace each string with a number - the <em>length </em>of the string at the previous array index - and return the array.&nbsp; For example, previousLengths(["hello", "dojo", "awesome"]) should return ["hello", 5, 4].&nbsp;<strong>Hint:</strong> Can for loops only go forward?</li><li><strong>Add Seven</strong>&nbsp;- Build a function that accepts an array. Return a <strong>new </strong>array with all the values of the original, but add 7 to each. Do not alter the original array.&nbsp; Example, addSeven([1,2,3]) should return [8,9,10] in a new array.</li><li><strong>Reverse Array </strong>- Given an array, write a function that reverses its values, in-place.&nbsp; Example: reverse([3,1,6,4,2]) returns the same array, but now contains values reversed like so...&nbsp;[2,4,6,1,3].&nbsp; Do this <strong>without </strong>creating an empty temporary array.&nbsp; (Hint: you'll need to swap values).</li><li><strong>Outlook: Negative</strong> - Given an array, <strong>create and return a new one</strong> containing all the values of the original array, but make them all negative (not simply multiplied by -1). Given [1,-3,5], return [-1,-3,-5].</li><li><strong>Always Hungry -&nbsp;</strong>Create a function that accepts an array, and prints "yummy" each time one of the values is equal to "food".&nbsp; If no array values are "food", then print "I'm hungry" once.</li><li><strong>Swap Toward the Center -</strong>&nbsp;Given an array, swap the first and last values, third and third-to-last values, etc.&nbsp; Example:&nbsp;swapTowardCenter([true,42,"Ada",2,"pizza"]) turns the array into ["pizza", 42, "Ada", 2, true].&nbsp; swapTowardCenter([1,2,3,4,5,6]) turns the array into [6,2,4,3,5,1].&nbsp; No need to return the array this time.</li><li><strong>Scale the Array -</strong>&nbsp;Given an array <strong>arr </strong>and a number <strong>num</strong>, multiply all values in the array <strong>arr </strong>by the number <strong>num</strong>, and return the changed array <strong>arr</strong>.&nbsp; For example, scaleArray([1,2,3], 3) should return [3,6,9].</li></ol><p></p>
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
</div>
